# Restaurant-Review-analysis-system
Restaurant customers give their ratings and write reviews based on their satisfaction levels. These ratings and reviews help the other customers to make a decision on going to those restaurants. These ratings are also helpful for the restaurant owners to make changes based on their reviews for improving their business Restaurant .
1.1	Introduction

Restaurant customers give their ratings and write reviews based on their satisfaction levels. These ratings and reviews help the other customers to make a decision on going to those restaurants. These ratings are also helpful for the restaurant owners to make changes based on their reviews for improving their business Restaurant reviews contains textual information. But most machine learning algorithms work with numerical data only. Machine learning can be considered one of the applications of artificial intelligence (AI).ML provides a way to learn the systems without being explicitly programmed and this learning can be used for solving problems. Machine learning takes data as input and it learns some important relations from data to make decisions as per user requirements. The learning process starts with the observations like samples, and direct experience and then finding patterns in that data to make better decisions to predict or classify new things in the future. For text, processing machine learning provides Natural processing (NLP) capabilities. We can easily analyze our textual datasets through NLP methodologies. NLP provides an opportunity for data analysts to apply machine learning and deep learning algorithms to our textual datasets. We make use of machine learning algorithms for classifying reviews and recommending the best restaurant.
